# CS370_Current_and_Emerging_Trends

## Training Agents Using Deep Q Learning

Throughout the course, we reaserched and worked on a number of different AI agent training techniques including Q Learning and Deep Q Learning, both of which we implemented in the course. Most of the boilerplate code was given to us as we were only tasked with writing the Q learning and Deep Q Learning algorithms. We had to balance exploration and exploitation, create a proper reward structure to put value on each action taken given a state, and then update the model with this data so it can make the best decision possible with the information available. 

## Computer Science, AI, and Ethical Responsiblity

Computer Science has seen tremendous amounts of change and innovation over the past couple decades that have transformed life for nearly all of humanity. It has rapidly advanced our technology and with the advancements in AI, it stands to revolutionize the way we see the world and opens up new possibilities. Computer science has a place in nearly every field, as the capacity to understand and manipulate data is made much easier by utilizing computers and AI. So as a computer scientist, it is important for me to understand and respect these advancements and treat them with the knowledge that what I work on can have both positive and negative effects on those who use it. This means that first and foremost, I need to ensure that a user's valueable information is secure and protected. This is only going to become more and more important because bad actors can utilize AI to help create malware and other hazardous code to steal a user's information, even bad actors who are not technically savvy. This means that the black market for people's information is only going to grow. I can help ensure I am doing my part in protecting the end user, by properly testing my code and breaking problems down into smaller problems, so as to not miss potential bugs or errors. By breaking problems down into smaller problems, it has a dual effect, where it lets me better understand a given problem, which also makes it less likely that I create a bug in the first place. 
